feat: introduce new methods to fetch rooms on Livechat Bridge (#31538)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/tiny-toes-fail.md

---

> '@rocket.chat/meteor': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@rocket.chat/meteor': minor
```

---

> Added new methods `findRoomsByAgentId` and `countRoomsByAgentId` to livechat bridge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Introduced new methods for Rocket.Chat Apps to interact with livechat: `findRoomsByAgentId` and `countRoomsByAgentId`
```

Just a more "user friendly" message, mentioning more explicitly what feature is impacted
